# 机器学习处理时间序列问题

标签：机器学习 时间序列

## Empirical prediction models for adaptive resource provisioning in the cloud

### 摘要原文

Cloud computing allows dynamic resource scaling for enterprise online transaction systems, one of the key characteristics that differentiates the cloud from the traditional computing paradigm. However, initializing a new virtual instance in a cloud is not instantaneous; cloud hosting platforms introduce several minutes delay in the hardware resource allocation. In this paper, we develop prediction-based resource measurement and provisioning strategies using Neural Network and Linear Regression to satisfy upcoming resource demands.

Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed technique offers more adaptive resource management for applications hosted in the cloud environment, an important mechanism to achieve on-demand resource allocation in the cloud.

### 工作

使用神经网络和线性回归开发基于预测的资源测量和供应策略

## PREPARE: Predictive Performance Anomaly Prevention for Virtualized Cloud Systems

### 摘要原文

Virtualized cloud systems are prone to performance anomalies due to various reasons such as resource contentions, software bugs, and hardware failures. In this paper, we present a novel Predictive Performance Anomaly Prevention (PREPARE) system that provides automatic performance anomaly prevention for virtualized cloud computing infrastructures. PREPARE integrates online anomaly prediction, learning-based cause inference, and predictive prevention actuation to minimize the performance anomaly penalty without human intervention. We have implemented PREPARE on top of the Xen platform and tested it on the NCSU's Virtual Computing Lab using a commercial data stream processing system (IBM System S) and an online auction benchmark (RUBiS). The experimental results show that PREPARE can effectively prevent performance anomalies while imposing low overhead to the cloud infrastructure.

### 工作

提出了预测性能异常预防系统PREPARE，为虚拟化云计算基础架构提供自动性能异常预防。使用基于学习的原因推理和预测性预防驱动，最大限度地减少性能异常惩罚。

## Auto-tuning of Cloud-Based In-Memory Transactional Data Grids via Machine Learning

### 摘要原文

In-memory transactional data grids have revealed extremely suited for cloud based environments, given that they well fit elasticity requirements imposed by the pay-as-you-go cost model. Particularly, the non-reliance on stable storage devices simplifies dynamic resize of these platforms, which typically only involves setting up (or shutting down) some data-cache instance. On the other hand, defining the well suited amount of cache servers to be deployed, and the degree of replication of slices of data, in order to optimize reliability/availability and performance tradeoffs, is far from being a trivial task. As a example, scaling up/down the size of the underlying infrastructure might give rise to scarcely predictable secondary effects on the side of the synchronization protocol adopted to guarantee data consistency while supporting transactional accesses. In this paper we investigate on the usage of machine learning approaches with the aim at providing a means for automatically tuning the data grid configuration, which is achieved via dynamic selection of both the well suited amount of cache servers, and the well suited degree of replication of the data-objects. The final target is to determine configurations that are able to guarantee specific throughput or latency values (such as those established by some SLA), under some specific workload profile/intensity, while minimizing at the same time the cost for the cloud infrastructure. Our proposal has been integrated within an operating environment relying on the well known Infinispan data grid, namely a mainstream open source product by the Red Had JBoss division. Some experimental data are also provided supporting the effectiveness of our proposal, which have been achieved by deploying the data platform on top of Amazon EC2.

### 工作

在本文中，我们研究了机器学习方法的用法，旨在提供一种自动调整数据网格配置的方法。这是通过动态选择适当数量的缓存服务器以及非常适合的复制程度来实现的数据对象。

## Transforming reactive auto-scaling into proactive auto-scaling

2013

### 摘要

Elasticity is a key characteristic of cloud platforms enabling resource to be acquired on-demand in response to time-varying workloads. We introduce a new elasticity management framework that takes as input commonly used reactive rule-based scaling strategies but offers in return proactive auto-scaling. The elasticity framework combines reactive and predictive auto-scaling techniques, and we discuss the specification and performance of these individual components. We present a case study, based on real datasets, to demonstrate that our framework is capable of making appropriate auto-scaling decisions that can improve resource utilization compared to that obtained from a purely reactive approach.


### 工作

引入的新的弹性管理框架，该框架将常用的基于反应性规则的扩展策略作为输入，但提供主动自主扩展。弹性框架结合了反应式和预测式的自动缩放技术。

## A coordinated reactive and predictive approach to cloud elasticity

2013

### 摘要原文

on pay-per-use service-oriented architec-tures, the cloud computing paradigm promises cost-efficient IT solutions. To meet fluctuating demands efficiently, Platform-as-a-Service solutions offer shared environments with on-demand scalability. It remains an open challenge for service providers to implement elastic scalability mechanisms capable of optimally utilizing resource whilst simultaneously guaranteeing that ap-plication performance continues to meet Quality of Service metrics. Typically, cloud providers offer only reactive rule-based mechanisms for triggering scaling actions. We introduce a new elasticity management framework that combines reactive and predictive controllers. Our elasticity controller builds pre-dictive models online based on the reactive rules, representing a natural extension to the common offering. We discuss the underlying architecture of the framework and describe how the controllers operate in tandem and complement each other. We present a case study based on real datasets that demonstrates the feasibility of our real-time cloud capacity framework. 

### 工作

引入了新型的弹性管理框架，它结合了被动和预测控制器。弹性控制器根据反应规则在线构建预测模型，代表了共同产品的自然延伸。

## TIRAMOLA: elastic nosql provisioning through a cloud management platform

### 摘要原文

NoSQL databases focus on analytical processing of large scale datasets, offering increased scalability over commodity hardware. One of their strongest features is elasticity, which allows for fairly portioned premiums and high-quality performance. Yet, the process of adaptive expansion and contraction of resources usually involves a lot of manual effort, often requiring the definition of the conditions for scaling up or down to be provided by the users. To date, there exists no open-source system for automatic resizing of NoSQL clusters. In this demonstration, we present TIRAMOLA, a modular, cloud-enabled framework for monitoring and adaptively resizing NoSQL clusters. Our system incorporates a decision-making module which allows for optimal cluster resize actions in order to maximize any quantifiable reward function provided together with life-long adaptation to workload or infrastructural changes. The audience will be able to initiate HBase clusters of various sizes and apply varying workloads through multiple YCSB clients. The attendees will be able to watch, in real-time, the system perform automatic VM additions and removals as well as how cluster performance metrics change relative to the optimization parameters of their choice.

### 工作

TIRAMOLA是一个模块化的，支持云的框架，用于监控和自适应地调整NoSQL集群的大小。我们的系统包含一个决策模块，该模块允许最佳的群集调整大小操作，以最大化任何可量化的奖励功能，同时终身适应工作负载或基础设施变更。

## Automated workload-aware elasticity of NoSQL clusters in the cloud

2014

### 摘要原文

The use of cloud computing has gained extreme popularity. Through cloud platforms that provide infrastructure as a service (IaaS), users can elastically provision resources enabling automated application throttling. Usually, scaling is either manually performed or through a service that dynamically consolidates cloud resources based on a predefined policy. However, these policies are simplistic, threshold based and may not be able to capture specific application behaviors according to configuration parameters and applied workload type. In this work, we extend TIRAMOLA, a cloud-enabled framework that allows automated resizing of NoSQL clusters, in order to identify different workload types and apply the most beneficial scaling action according to user defined policies. We perform a thorough analysis of how different query types are handled by modern NoSQL systems and evaluate the performance of a NoSQL cluster of varying size, over mixed workload types and magnitudes. We utilize this knowledge to fine tune the extended TIRAMOLA's policies in order to take accurate scaling decisions. We perform an extensive experimental evaluation of workload aware and unaware versions on an HBase cluster and our analysis confirms that the former can operate successfully in any environment, behaving accordingly to any input load.

### 工作

我们扩展了TIRAMOLA，一个支持云的框架，允许自动调整NoSQL集群的大小，以便根据用户定义的策略识别不同的工作负载类型并应用最有利的扩展操作。

我们对现代NoSQL系统处理不同查询类型的方式进行了全面分析，并评估了不同大小的NoSQL集群在混合工作负载类型和大小上的性能。我们利用这些知识对扩展的TIRAMOLA政策进行微调，以便做出准确的扩展决策。

## SmartScale: Automatic Application Scaling in Enterprise Clouds

2012

### 摘要

Enterprise clouds today support an on demand resource allocation model and can provide resources requested by applications in a near online manner using virtual machine resizing or cloning. However, in order to take advantage of an on demand resource model, enterprise applications need to be automatically scaled in a way that makes the most efficient use of resources. In this work, we present the SmartScale automated scaling framework. SmartScale uses a combination of vertical (adding more resources to existing VM instances) and horizontal (adding more VM instances) scaling to ensure that the application is scaled in a manner that optimizes both resource usage and the reconfiguration cost incurred due to scaling. The SmartScale methodology is proactive and ensures that the application converges quickly to the desired scaling level even when the workload intensity changes significantly. We evaluate SmartScale using real production traces on Olio, an emerging cloud benchmark, running on a kvm-based cloud testbed. We present both theoretical and experimental evidence that comprehensively establish the effectiveness of SmartScale.

### 工作

SmartScale使用垂直和水平扩展的组合，以确保优化资源的使用和由于扩展而产生的重新配置成本的方式来扩展应用程序。

SmartScale方法具有前瞻性，可确保即使工作负载强度发生显著变化，应用程序也可以快速收敛到所需的扩展级别。

## DejaVu: accelerating resource allocation in virtualized environments

2012

### 摘要

Effective resource management of virtualized environments is a
challenging task. State-of-the-art management systems either rely
on analytical models or evaluate resource allocations by running
actual experiments. However, both approaches incur a significant
overhead once the workload changes. The former needs to recalibrate and re-validate models, whereas the latter has to run a new set of experiments to select a new resource allocation. During the adaptation period, the system may run with an inefficient configuration.

In this paper, we propose DejaVu – a framework that (1) minimizes the resource management overhead by identifying a small set of workload classes for which it needs to evaluate resource allocation decisions, (2) quickly adapts to workload changes by classifying workloads using signatures and caching their preferred resource allocations at runtime, and (3) deals with interference by estimating an “interference index”. We evaluate DejaVu by running representative network services on Amazon EC2. DejaVu achieves more than 10x speedup in adaptation time for each workload change relative to the state-of-the-art. By enabling quick adaptation, DejaVu saves up to 60% of the service provisioning cost. Finally, DejaVu is easily deployable as it does not require any extensive instrumentation or human intervention.


